README.md, before:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 8 : LINQ in Manhatten
=====================================

## To Submit this Assignment
- fork this repository
- write all of your code in a directory named `lab-#`; + `<your name>` **e.g.** `lab08-amanda`
- push to your repository
- submit a pull request to this repository
- submit a link to your PR in canvas


## Directions
Provided is a JSON file that contains a data set of location information for properties in Manhatten.
- Read in the file and answer the questions below
- Use LINQ queries and Lambda statements (when appropriate) to find the answers. 

## Setup
- Add the data.json file to your solution root folder
- Explore the NuGet packages and install NewtonSoftJson
- Do some self research (prev. labs count too) and find out how to read in JSON file (hint: JsonConvert.DeserializedOject is *part* of it)
- You will need to break up each section of the JSON file up into different classes, use your resources - ask the TA's if your stuck.
- 
#### Questions
Each query builds off of the next. 
1. Output all of the neighborhoods in this data list
2. Filter out all the neighborhoods that do not have any names
3. Remove the Duplicates
4. Rewrite the queries from above, and consolidate all into one single query.
5. Rewrite at least one of these questions only using a LINQ query (without lambda statement)

## ReadMe
- Your readme should include the following information:
	- How long did it take you to complete this assignment?
	- What did you struggle with? Why? How did you solve?
	- What did you learn during this assignment?
    - What resources did you utilize for this assignment?

## Rubric
- 2pts: Application runs without any errors
- 5pts: Questions are answered
- 2pts: Readme included with answers to questions
- 1pt: Code meets industry standard requirements

Commit message:

I am able to access the data from the JSON file I've updated the readme file

README.md, after:

![cf](http://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Lab 8 : LINQ in Manhatten
=====================================

- 
#### Questions
Each query builds off of the next. 
1. Output all of the neighborhoods in this data list
2. Filter out all the neighborhoods that do not have any names
3. Remove the Duplicates
4. Rewrite the queries from above, and consolidate all into one single query.
5. Rewrite at least one of these questions only using a LINQ query (without lambda statement)

## ReadMe
- Your readme should include the following information:
	- How long did it take you to complete this assignment? this took over 4 hours
	- What did you struggle with? Why? How did you solve? I struggled with accessing the JSON data and understanding why we chose the RootObject class to declare the data variable holding data from JSON file
	- What did you learn during this assignment? I learned that the RootObject holds a reference to all of the classes that we need to access for the assignment
    - What resources did you utilize for this assignment? youtube, peers, TAs, instructor assistance
